contents/Oct-2023/body.md, before:

## 🔊 Announcements

### Join Hiring Committees

Hiring season is starting soon, and the department is forming two hiring committees in the areas of **Computing Platforms** and **Theoretical Computer Science**. We're looking for VMI representatives for these committees!

As a VMI representative, you'll not only get a behind-the-scenes look at how hiring works in academia, but you'll also get to interact with candidates applying to be professors at the department. This is an important way to make sure our department maintains a pleasant working environment!

If you are interested in representing the scientific staff on either of these committees, please reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch) by the end of the week (better as soon as possible)!

## 📅 Upcoming Events

### Pub Night

**October 5, [The Alehouse](https://maps.app.goo.gl/Pop2SMBe6cc8RUm37), 18:30**

Join us for after-work drinks at The Alehouse next week! Get to know some new people at the department, reconnect with your summer retreat friends, or catch up with old friends over some drinks.

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/bqHiKxXM1Nd5CZsm7)

### Hike

**[Date], [Location], [Time]**

Make the most of the last few weeks of sun with a hike! [Add details]. We'll also be joined by our friends from D-MATH! 

[Sign up here.]()

### Welcome Event

**Date TBD, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html)**

If you joined D-INFK within the last year, you're invited to our annual Welcome Event for new scientific staff!

It's a great chance to get to know the department and VMI, meet fellow new staff members, and enjoy an apéro together. We'll also have keynote talks from D-INFK professors on how to make the most of your time at ETH, how to organise your teaching and research responsibilities, and much more.

Stay tuned for an email with more details!

Commit message:

Add ETH library board request

contents/Oct-2023/body.md, after:

## 🔊 Announcements

### Join Hiring Committees

Hiring season is starting soon, and the department is forming two hiring committees in the areas of **Computing Platforms** and **Theoretical Computer Science**. We're looking for VMI representatives for these committees!

As a VMI representative, you'll not only get a behind-the-scenes look at how hiring works in academia, but you'll also get to interact with candidates applying to be professors at the department. This is an important way to make sure our department maintains a pleasant working environment!

If you are interested in representing the scientific staff on either of these committees, please reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch) by the end of the week (better as soon as possible)!

### Join the ETH Library Sounding Board

The ETH Libraries’ Scientific Staff Sounding Board is looking or new members!
Board members help tailoring the library to the scientific staff at ETH Zurich, focussing on teaching and research.
Board members join up to two workshops per year with a maximum duration of three hours each.
Participation is compensated with Orell Füssli vouchers (30 CHF/hour).

If you are interested, please reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch).

## 📅 Upcoming Events

### Pub Night

**October 5, [The Alehouse](https://maps.app.goo.gl/Pop2SMBe6cc8RUm37), 18:30**

Join us for after-work drinks at The Alehouse next week! Get to know some new people at the department, reconnect with your summer retreat friends, or catch up with old friends over some drinks.

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/bqHiKxXM1Nd5CZsm7)

### Hike

**[Date], [Location], [Time]**

Make the most of the last few weeks of sun with a hike! [Add details]. We'll also be joined by our friends from D-MATH! 

[Sign up here.]()

### Welcome Event

**Date TBD, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html)**

If you joined D-INFK within the last year, you're invited to our annual Welcome Event for new scientific staff!

It's a great chance to get to know the department and VMI, meet fellow new staff members, and enjoy an apéro together. We'll also have keynote talks from D-INFK professors on how to make the most of your time at ETH, how to organise your teaching and research responsibilities, and much more.

Stay tuned for an email with more details!
