contents/Nov-2023/body.md, before:

## 🔊 Announcements

> ### New VMI Representatives + Auditors
>
> In preparation for our upcoming [General Assembly](#vmi-lunch-general-assembly), we are looking for the following volunteers:
>t
> - Representatives at the **Department Conference** (can be compensated with 1 CP)
> - Representatives at the **Studies Committee** (can be compensated with 1 CP)
> - **Auditors** of VMI's books
>
> You can find a description of these positions as well as the current representatives on our [people page](http://vmi.ethz.ch/people/).
>
> Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

> ### Helpdesk Volunteer Wanted
>
> We are looking for a new person to run the VMI helpdesk!
The helpdesk is a confidential service and entry point for early-stage discussion of personal and professional issues.
> The helpdesk integrates into the [counseling services offered by AVETH](https://www.aveth.ethz.ch/counselling-oct21/counselling-help/), and should you decide to run the helpdesk, you will receive a short training and instructions from AVETH!
>
> Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

<hr>

## 📅 Upcoming Events

### Welcome Event

**November 1, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html), 17:30**

We invite all scientific staff who joined our department within the last year to our annual Welcome Event!
It's a great chance to get to know the department and VMI (your scientific staff association), meet fellow new staff members, and enjoy an apéro together.

Meet us in Food&Lab for an introduction to VMI, followed by two parallel keynote talks: new PhD students will hear from Prof. Markus Püschel, and new postdocs from Prof. Kenny Paterson. They'll give insights and helpful tips on making the most of your time at D-INFK.
Following this, we'll reconvene for an apéro, where you can meet some fellow new scientific staff!

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/veVLpnwRkWCxxy538)

### Board Game Night 

**November 9, CAB H 52, 18:30**

Bring your friends and your favourite board games to VMI Game Night! We’ll have a selection of fun board games to try out, as well as free drinks and snacks.

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/WrfHVtWwvCgEaHAu7)

### VMI Lunch & General Assembly

**November 14, CAB F 88, 12:30 - 14:00**

We invite you to join our lunch and general assembly!
At this event, we will first enjoy some food together, followed by a presentation of what VMI has been working on in this year.
We will also elect a new board!

[Sign up here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSecT_VEkr0YvQ2mEqr5MqKLgsWFv74hz0tKOGERFB7fuMR6UA/viewform?usp=sf_link)

### Running Dinner

**November 18, your house, 18:00**

VMI invites you to *Running Dinner* – the tastiest way to meet new people!

Pair up with your office mate, flat mate, partner, etc. and cook 1 course at your place for you and 4 other people.
An algorithm will assign 2 teams that get to enjoy the course with you and tells you where you’ll enjoy the other 2 courses.

Overall, you cook 1 course and get to enjoy 3 courses while meeting 12 new people (4 per course).

[More information & sign up here]().

### CSNOW-VMI Lunch for Women Researchers

**[date], [location], 12:30**

[Text]

[Sign up here.]()

### Career Evening

**December 4, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html), 16:15**

[Text]

[Sign up here.]()

### Save the Date: Christmas Crafts & Glühwein

**December 13, 18:30**

To celebrate the winter season, join us for a cosy evening of painting, crafting, glühwein and Christmas cookies!

We’ll provide everything you need to get creative: canvas, paints, brushes, crafts materials and ideas on what to paint and make - plus Christmassy drinks and snacks! All you need to bring is a glass or cup to drink from.

Save the date and stay tuned for more details!

<hr>

## Other

### Join the AVETH Politics Team

The AVETH poltics team is looking for new members, especially from D-INFK!
The AVETH politics team represents the view of the scientific staff in the University Assembly and is in close contact with the ETH School Board.
To coordinate, the team meets once per month.

Joining the politics team not only lets you have a unique impact at how work and life at ETH is shaped, you will also gain great insight into the inner workings of a world-class university.
The only prerequisite is that you speak German, as the ETH meetings that the politics team joins are held in German.

Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

### AVETH Diversity Award

AVETH & ETH Diversity are taking individual and organisation nominations for the ETH Diversity Award until October 31st 2023.
We highly encourage you to consider nominating colleagues who have made an impact at ETH.
Self-nominations are possible.
More information on the award and the nomination form can be found [here](https://ethz.ch/staffnet/en/employment-and-work/working-environment/diversity/auszeichnungen/diversity-award.html).

Commit message:

Added Career Event to Nov-2023

contents/Nov-2023/body.md, after:

## 🔊 Announcements

> ### New VMI Representatives + Auditors
>
> In preparation for our upcoming [General Assembly](#vmi-lunch-general-assembly), we are looking for the following volunteers:
>t
> - Representatives at the **Department Conference** (can be compensated with 1 CP)
> - Representatives at the **Studies Committee** (can be compensated with 1 CP)
> - **Auditors** of VMI's books
>
> You can find a description of these positions as well as the current representatives on our [people page](http://vmi.ethz.ch/people/).
>
> Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

> ### Helpdesk Volunteer Wanted
>
> We are looking for a new person to run the VMI helpdesk!
The helpdesk is a confidential service and entry point for early-stage discussion of personal and professional issues.
> The helpdesk integrates into the [counseling services offered by AVETH](https://www.aveth.ethz.ch/counselling-oct21/counselling-help/), and should you decide to run the helpdesk, you will receive a short training and instructions from AVETH!
>
> Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

<hr>

## 📅 Upcoming Events

### Welcome Event

**November 1, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html), 17:30**

We invite all scientific staff who joined our department within the last year to our annual Welcome Event!
It's a great chance to get to know the department and VMI (your scientific staff association), meet fellow new staff members, and enjoy an apéro together.

Meet us in Food&Lab for an introduction to VMI, followed by two parallel keynote talks: new PhD students will hear from Prof. Markus Püschel, and new postdocs from Prof. Kenny Paterson. They'll give insights and helpful tips on making the most of your time at D-INFK.
Following this, we'll reconvene for an apéro, where you can meet some fellow new scientific staff!

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/veVLpnwRkWCxxy538)

### Board Game Night 

**November 9, CAB H 52, 18:30**

Bring your friends and your favourite board games to VMI Game Night! We’ll have a selection of fun board games to try out, as well as free drinks and snacks.

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/WrfHVtWwvCgEaHAu7)

### VMI Lunch & General Assembly

**November 14, CAB F 88, 12:30 - 14:00**

We invite you to join our lunch and general assembly!
At this event, we will first enjoy some food together, followed by a presentation of what VMI has been working on in this year.
We will also elect a new board!

[Sign up here.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSecT_VEkr0YvQ2mEqr5MqKLgsWFv74hz0tKOGERFB7fuMR6UA/viewform?usp=sf_link)

### Running Dinner

**November 18, your house, 18:00**

VMI invites you to *Running Dinner* – the tastiest way to meet new people!

Pair up with your office mate, flat mate, partner, etc. and cook 1 course at your place for you and 4 other people.
An algorithm will assign 2 teams that get to enjoy the course with you and tells you where you’ll enjoy the other 2 courses.

Overall, you cook 1 course and get to enjoy 3 courses while meeting 12 new people (4 per course).

[More information & sign up here]().

### CSNOW-VMI Lunch for Women Researchers

**[date], [location], 12:30**

[Text]

[Sign up here.]()

### Career Evening

**December 4, [CAB Food&Lab](https://ethz.ch/en/campus/getting-to-know/cafes-restaurants-shops/gastronomy/restaurants-and-cafeterias/zentrum/food-lab.html), 16:15**

We warmly invite you to the VMI Career Evening! Ever questioned what comes next after a PhD or Postdoc? Curious about transitioning from academia to industry? Our Career Event features a panel discussion with no less than 5 professionals from diverse career paths, all rooted in an academic foundation. Following the panel, attendees will have the opportunity for intimate group discussions with the speaker. The evening will close with a delightful Apéro.
Whether you're eyeing a future in academia or considering other avenues, join us for an enlightening discussion and discover the possibilities that await!

[Sign up here.](https://forms.gle/rWGXgB8a6FjWVXgA7)

### Save the Date: Christmas Crafts & Glühwein

**December 13, 18:30**

To celebrate the winter season, join us for a cosy evening of painting, crafting, glühwein and Christmas cookies!

We’ll provide everything you need to get creative: canvas, paints, brushes, crafts materials and ideas on what to paint and make - plus Christmassy drinks and snacks! All you need to bring is a glass or cup to drink from.

Save the date and stay tuned for more details!

<hr>

## Other

### Join the AVETH Politics Team

The AVETH poltics team is looking for new members, especially from D-INFK!
The AVETH politics team represents the view of the scientific staff in the University Assembly and is in close contact with the ETH School Board.
To coordinate, the team meets once per month.

Joining the politics team not only lets you have a unique impact at how work and life at ETH is shaped, you will also gain great insight into the inner workings of a world-class university.
The only prerequisite is that you speak German, as the ETH meetings that the politics team joins are held in German.

Interested? Reach out to [vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch](mailto:vmi-contact@lists.inf.ethz.ch)!

### AVETH Diversity Award

AVETH & ETH Diversity are taking individual and organisation nominations for the ETH Diversity Award until October 31st 2023.
We highly encourage you to consider nominating colleagues who have made an impact at ETH.
Self-nominations are possible.
More information on the award and the nomination form can be found [here](https://ethz.ch/staffnet/en/employment-and-work/working-environment/diversity/auszeichnungen/diversity-award.html).
